love loved loved i love reading books
she loved the concert last night we have
loved this city for years like liked
liked they like playing sports he liked
the movie we saw you have liked many of
her songs ask asked asked i ask questions
she asked yesterday they have asked often
work worked worked we work hard he worked late
you have worked overtime talk talked talked
they talk daily
we talked yesterday she has talked for
hours look looked looked you look around
they looked outside
we have looked everywhere want wanted
wanted he wants success i wanted to go
they have wanted many things use used
used we use tools
she used a computer
you have used this before need
needed needed
they need help
we needed time he has needed assistance
feel felt felt she feels happy i felt sad
we have felt excited